Hi guys, Korean Movie Recapped here. Before
we start, I have a small news to announce.
I would like to introduce myself as
the new narrator for our future videos.
I hope that you can enjoy my narration
as much as the previous video.
Thank you, and enjoy the video!
Today, I’m going to recap a
Korean movie released in 2019, called, Innocent
Witness. This story is about a girl with autism,
who is also a key witness to a murder. Because of
her condition, she was unable to testify in court
properly and was easily denied by the defense
attorney. What will the defense attorney do?
How do they find the truth? And what is the plot
behind all of this? Let’s find the truth together.
This young man is a lawyer, named Mr. Yang. He
lives with his father and is still unmarried.
He is an outstanding lawyer with great
skills, who currently works in a law firm.
Fascinated by his abilities, his boss then
compliments him, and later gives him a special
pro bono case. A murder case, where the maid is
the prime suspect because she was at the scene.
His boss says that the prosecutor built the case
solely on the witness’ account, where the sole
witness is only a 15-year-old girl with autism.
On the other hand, at school, this little girl is
Ji-Woo. She has autism, so her classmate often
bullied him. On that night, at his house, this
girl looked out the window. She saw an old man
whose head was wrapped in plastic, and his maid,
in a room across from her house. She then
screamed hysterically until her parents
came and calmed her down. She later became a key
witness in the murder case handled by Mr. Yang.
The next day, Mr. Yang meets the maid who
is the suspect. Her name is Mi-Ran. Before
questioning her, he asks Mi-Ran to always
be honest with him in all conditions, and
she agrees. Then she tells the chronology of the
incident. That night, she heard a strange noise.
When she went to check on his master, she
saw her master’s head was wrapped in plastic.
She tried to help him, but her master kept holding
on to the plastic and instead pushed her away.
She couldn’t restrain him. She then tried
to take something to tear the plastic.
But when she returned to the
room, her master had already died.
After telling the chronology, Mi-Ran cries and
blames herself for being slow to help her master.
She then asks Mr. Yang to help her.
After that, he works on the case carefully.
He watches the interrogation tape from the key
witness. Not satisfied, he then goes to meet
the witness, Ji-Woon. But at her home, her mother
forbids Mr. Yang to see her daughter. Not giving
up, he then meets a child psychologist to ask
what she thinks about the interrogation video. The
psychologist said that she has high intelligence,
and the interrogation went very well because the
prosecutor seemed to understand how to deal with
autistic people, but was not leading him either.
During the pre-trial, Mr. Yang as a defense
attorney asks the judge to bring the witness to
court. But the prosecutor refuses and says
that the witness has special conditions,
and it would be dangerous for the
witness' health to put her on the stand.
But after deliberation, the judge decided
to allow the witness to appear in court.
According to the psychologist's advice, Mr. Yang
tries to enter the world of the little girl.
He starts by meeting her at school. There, Ji-Woo
is with her best friend, Shin. After giving them
business cards, he tries to ask Ji-Woo some
questions regarding what she saw that night.
But she refuses to answer and ignores him.
In the end, Shin says that in order to talk
to Ji-Woo, he has to use something she
likes, which is puzzles and quizzes.
In court, Mr. Yang presents a
witness who is a forensic expert.
There he presents evidence of his theory
that the victim actually commited suicide.
This is also reinforced by evidence a few
days earlier the victim bought butane gas
at the supermarket. The evidence is then
received by the court and the court is
adjourned to examine the sole witness, Ji-Woo.
This time, he tries again to get close to Ji-Woo.
He bought some puzzles, but
apparently she isn’t interested.
Not giving up, this time he invites them to
eat ramen. After that he takes her home. In
front of her house, there was already the
prosecutor who looked close to Ji-Woo.
He again asks the mother to allow him to
interrogate Ji-Woo, but she refuses. And
it turned out that from the window Ji-Woo noticed
him. At night, she sends a puzzle to Mr. Yang. He
then answers it. And from this, they grow closer,
day by day. One day, he tries to find Ji-Woo.
He sees her being forced to drink something
by her best friend, Shin. Because she refused,
Shin then hit her. Seeing that, he stops Shin,
and then says such a person is not a good friend.
They become closer and finally the
mother allows Mr. Yang enters the
house and interrogates her daughter. After
asking some questions, Ji-Woo said Shin,
who’s always smiling at her, was taking advantage
of her. Was he also just taking advantage of her?
The scene continues to court. As Ji-Woo sits on
the witness stand, she keeps her ears covered.
It turns out she is disturbed by the sound of the
clock ticking. They then turn off the wall clock.
The trial continues. The prosecutor asks her to
tell what she saw. Ji-Woo explains what she saw,
and believes his maid attacked the victim
because the maid smiled while holding the victim.
Surprisingly, Mr. Yang as a defense attorney says
that Ji-Woo has an autism disorder that caused her
to be unable to distinguish expressions, which
he later proves in the court. After humiliating
Ji-Woo, finally Mr. Yang wins the trial and
Mi-Ran is acquitted of not being proven guilty.
After the trial, he meets Mi-Ran and says that
the prosecutor is appealing. She says she is
not afraid as long as Mr. Yang defends her.
She then says goodbye to meet her son. Here,
Mr. Yang feels something is odd because she
previously said that she didn’t have any family.
He then begins to doubt himself. He tries to
recall his memories of everything about the case.
His conscience told him that what he
was doing was not the right thing.
On the other hand, at school, Ji-Woo
can’t go home because of heavy rain.
Shin then comes and apologizes for what
she has done to Ji-Woo. She then gives her
umbrella and runs into the rain. Moments
later, Mi-Ran appears and taunts Ji-Woo.
She said that she shouldn’t be involved in
adult business, and then pushed her away.
Mr. Yang deeply regrets himself. On the
other hand, the prosecutor is trying to
prepare his appeal. He meets Ji-Woo’s mother to
ask her daughter to stand in court once again,
but the mother refuses. Then Ji-Woo tells his
mother that she wants to be a witness again.
Her mother forbids her, but then she says that she
cannot become a lawyer because she is autistic,
but at least she can be a witness to let
people know the truth. To do what is right.
At home, Mr. Yang gets a letter from his father.
He remembered his motivation to become a lawyer.
“I want to do good things”. That's what he said
to his father a long time ago. The next morning,
the day of appeal, he greets his father and
smiles. He understands what he has to do.
In the court, the first day of appeal begins.
This time, Ji-Woo stepped confidently
towards the court stand. First of all,
Mr. Yang proves that Ji-Woo has high intelligence
and she can remember very well in a short time.
She also has acute hearing, which makes her
able to hear very well even from a distance.
His boss tells him to stop, but he ignores
him. He then asked if she could hear or read
Mi-Ran’s mouth movement the night the victim
was killed. She said she can. That night, the
maid said “Yikes! That’s just pathetic. If only
you die, both my child and your child can live.
Jost go quietly, will you? If you had the
money to give away, you should’ve given it
to me”. Suddenly, the child of the victim who
came to court tries to leave, but is stopped.
Judge then asks for Mr. Yang role and reminded
him of the code of ethics he would face.
He said a lawyer is a human too, who
has a desire to do what is right.
His boss then gets angry
and goes mad at the trial.
He blasphemes Mr. Yang, and is later removed from
the trial by the judge. In the end, the trial is
won by the prosecutor, but Mr. Yang gets what
he wants, the truth, and to do what is right.
At the end of the movie, Mr. Yang is getting
closer and good friends with Ji-Woon.
He also dares to express his feelings
to the woman he likes. What is around us
is not always good. But what makes us good
is whether we dare to do the right things.
Do you dare to do something
right in your life too?
Leave your comments below. And also make
sure to subscribe and turn on notifications,
so you can watch more videos like this.
Thanks for watching, and see you, next time.